# credit-risk-classification

Overview:
  -During this assignment we were tasked to use our skills to build an unsupervised learning model that would could be used to predict a healthy loan vs a high-rist loan. To accomplish this we were given a set of data that included such variables as; loan size, interest rate, number of accouts, total debt, etc. These variables were then scaled for later and split into two groups using methods such as Train_test_split to then be put into a logistic regression model. The model was then put through a confusion matrix and later a classification report to find how accurate the model was at predicting both types of loans.

Results:
  -as it turns out we found that the model was excelent at finding and identifying a healthy loan with a 100% accuracy score. On the other hand, the model was still very good at finding high-risk loans with an accuracy score of 89%. this lower accuracy for finding high-risk loans could be due to the lower amount of sample data that the model had to compare its findings to with only 619 examples in contrast to the 18,765 samples of healthy loans that the model had. I would still recommend this model to companies to use in the future as the accuracy score for both was very high and could save the company a lot of time and money in the long term to help reduce the amount of resources used to help decide if a loan candidate would be highrisk or not. I would also reccomend that they run the model every so often once they find more samples of high-risk loans so that the model could be even more effecient at determining if someone is high-risk or not in the future. 
